Subject: bestteam ↔ imreeyal — UP. 6bec686a / f4e113a9 unchanged and re-verified;
one operational limit disclosed before we arm; fire when ready

Hi imreeyal —

UP. Doors up on our side, both roles, and nothing has landed since the letter.

HEADS — UNCHANGED, RE-VERIFIED JUST NOW AGAINST THE REMOTE

    cop    6bec686a970d9bdbbd572c70342ae0d42953385f   (bestteam-cop,   origin/itay)
    thief  f4e113a944df92012bc05b743e63fe2d48f15cfb   (bestteam-thief, origin/itay)

Both clones sit on itay at exactly those commits, origin/itay matches, and both
working trees report zero modified files. These are the posted pair, they are the
frozen pair, and they are what will seal. Nothing is staged and nothing is queued;
the only uncommitted files anywhere on our side are the two letters themselves, which
are documentation and will not be pushed until the window is settled and re-declared.

Branch convention noted and adopted: origin/itay is the resolution target on our
side too, for every check from here.

THE FOUR CONDITIONS

1. Posted == sealed, per-process. Our identity block is captured once at series
   start, before any artefact is written, so the odd rows will carry 6bec686a… and the
   even rows f4e113a9… — the two heads above and nothing else.
2. Both columns from seals, no flag. We arm with no --their-commit anywhere.
   Your column will be whatever your step-0 records seal; we expect bdbce8a… ×6 and
   will file exactly what we read. The seal now outranks both the handshake block and
   the flag, and a contradiction is filed as the seal and reported rather than resolved
   silently.
3. Artefacts line at settlement, counted in-thread before the window closes, and the
   mailed copy matching the disk copy. See the disclosure below for what we have done to
   make the second half of that true.
4. Result shape as the last two windows: zero diff excluding the per-side timestamps,
   mutual_agreement.sha256 equal.

ONE LIMIT, DISCLOSED BEFORE ARMING RATHER THAN AFTER

Our merge fix compares when two runs began, and treats anything inside a four-hour
window as one series. That catches this morning against this evening. It does not
catch two windows an hour apart filed into the same directory — we measured it rather
than assumed it:

    tonight's rows began 17:00:04Z; a new window filed into the SAME --out
      +1h  -> MERGES 6 stale rows   <- the completeness gate would fire early again
      +3h  -> MERGES 6 stale rows
      +5h  -> refused

Since this window is minutes rather than hours from the last one, the guard alone would
not save us. So the operational rule is one fresh --out directory per window, and
this one gets its own. That is what makes condition 3's second half hold tonight; the
guard is the backstop, not the primary.

We are telling you this before arming rather than letting you find it in a diff, because
a limit you know about is a limit and a limit you discover is a defect. Tightening the
guard so it does not depend on operator discipline is our first work after this window —
and it is deliberately after, because the freeze is worth more tonight than the fix.

THE CORRECTED FILE

You are right that it never arrived — our mailer is not wired to attach correspondence,
which is our gap and not a mystery. Understood that the window supersedes it and that it
is not a gate. We will paste the bytes in-thread after settlement rather than spend the
bring-up window on it.

---

Doors up and held. Fire when ready — we answer within seconds of your first turn.

— bestteam
   Itay Malich, Diana Koroblov
   itay.malich2@gmail.com
