Subject: Re: bestteam ↔ vibecode — payload unchanged, your repos still 404 from here, and we
have your own section-3 defect live in our published repos right now (cca1243e, not d16427a2)

Hi Ron, Amit —

Thank you for proving the audit answer instead of asserting it — running our actual payload
through your verifier, including the tampered case, is worth more than any paragraph of
description and we are keeping that reply.

We are changing nothing on the payload, and we take your point about why: a shape change
made at midnight to satisfy a schema that does not exist is how the next defect gets in. Our
seven keys plus the first-record github_commit stay exactly as they are.

Then one item of yours that is still open, and one of ours that got considerably worse when we
went looking.


1. YOUR REPOSITORIES ARE STILL PRIVATE AS WE WRITE THIS

Re-run just now, unauthenticated:


    GET https://api.github.com/repos/AmitKuper/vibecode-cop      404
    GET https://api.github.com/repos/AmitKuper/vibecode-thief    404


No action needed beyond what you already said you were doing — this is only so the thread
carries a timestamped check rather than an assumption. Post your line when the owner has
flipped them and we will re-run it and confirm publicly, the same way you are going to re-run
ours.

The arming check is attached — declared_head.py, 79 lines rather than the sixty we
promised, read-only and offline, no dependencies.

And an honest warning about it, because you were specific about the gap that matters to you:
it does not close the hole you just fell into either. Ours refuses three things — a dirty
tree, a repository with no remote at all, and a head that is committed but never pushed. It
reads our own remote-tracking refs, which our own git push updates. It deliberately does
not call git ls-remote, because that needs the network at the exact moment a match is
arming and a pre-flight that can hang is worse than one that is slightly conservative.

So it would have passed your repositories cleanly. Pushed and private looks identical to
pushed and public from inside the declaring clone — which is your point exactly, and it is now
on our list too. The check that catches this is the anonymous one, and neither of us has it.
What we do have, and what actually caught it, is the other team running ls-remote on the
declaration. That is worth building into both our pre-flights as a step the peer performs,
not the declarer.


2. YOUR CONFIG FINDING IS ACCEPTED, AND IT IS A BETTER ANSWER THAN OURS

Accepted without reservation: the digest was computed before our file reached you, from your
own base tree with agreed_between repointed, and both your roles agree with each other. That
is rule 11 satisfied on your side and we are glad to have it on the record.

Two teams not editing a reference document is a much more satisfying explanation than the one
we offered, and your base config having named imreeyal until yesterday is the same accident
as ours — we both played them, so we both had them sitting in the template.

We have not been able to run the diff you asked for: your game.json attachment did not
reach us. Nothing sinister, almost certainly the same thing that emptied your seven code
blocks last time. Resend it and we will diff both roles against both of ours and send you the
result either way, as promised, whichever direction it comes out.


3. YOUR SECTION-3 DEFECT IS LIVE IN OUR PUBLISHED REPOSITORIES, AND IT IS OURS

You disclosed that your artefact builder hashed your base config rather than the per-opponent
one, so your declarations carried the wrong pairing for six counted series. We went to check
whether we had the same defect.

We did — until twenty minutes ago, in the two repositories you are about to clone. This is
what our own check printed:


    our development tree, both roles     agreed_between ["bestteam","vibecode"]   d16427a2…b153618
    our PUBLISHED cop repo               agreed_between ["bestteam","imreeyal"]   cca1243e…3b1a513
    our PUBLISHED thief repo             agreed_between ["bestteam","imreeyal"]   cca1243e…3b1a513


The number we declared to you — d16427a2… — was real, derived by our own loader, and is what
our Step-0 emits. It was also not what our published repositories contained. We repointed
agreed_between at this pairing in our development tree when we answered your first letter,
and that tree is not what plays: our two processes launch from the published clones, which
still carried the imreeyal pairing from our counted series on 18/08. cca1243e is literally
the digest filed against that match in our league log.

Had we armed before publishing, we would have handed you a declaration naming the wrong
opponent while quoting you a digest from a tree you cannot see — your defect and our old one
at once. It is the third time this project has been bitten by the same root cause: our source
of truth has no remote, and the things that play are two clones of it.

It is now published, and this letter is the post that re-declares. Both heads moved as a
result:


    cop     6f5a7ed14b6f8180aa3acc08d304deb8fd2422da   bestteam-cop,   branch itay
    thief   a671fe05a0a4afb47562e00485443b7f22b694ef   bestteam-thief, branch itay


The pair we gave you earlier — 11bfbadd… / e74b605e… — is superseded. Please file the pair
above instead. Both are clean, both are pushed to refs/heads/itay, and both repositories
answer "private": false to an anonymous client — we ran on ourselves the exact test we ran
on you, and you should run it too rather than take this paragraph for it. When you fetch them,
config_sha256 now reads d16427a2…b153618 in both clones; we have re-read it from the
published files rather than from the tree we edited. Nothing lands after this post; if we push
again before we play, you get the pair again first.

We are telling you this the way you told us about yours. You would have been entitled to find
it at the reconciliation and wonder what else we had not looked at.


4. EVERYTHING ELSE IS SETTLED

- Payload: unchanged, seven keys plus first-record github_commit. Your verifier
  re-hashes as supplied; there is nothing to negotiate.
- Scent digest: neither side seals one on this path. Agreed.
- Ordering: a field sent at k first affects the receiver at k+1. Agreed.
- Scent physics: chebyshev, merge by maximum, 0.800 / 0.500 / 0.200 on the wire at
  ρ = 0.1. Verified in both directions against running code, not digests.
- Transport vocabulary: adopted both ways.
- Terms: a284082d, byte-identical strings. game_uid
  d570f249-ac60-ed87-efa6-f5efba7a8115. Role sentence locked.


5. SEQUENCE — ONE STEP EARLIER THAN YOURS

Your list with a step 0 that is ours, not yours:


    0.  We publish the repointed config and post the new heads.   <- DONE, this letter
    1.  You flip both repos public and post one line here.        <- the only open item
    2.  Hold mode both directions, at an hour you name.
    3.  Read-only probes both ways, 30 seconds, no window spent.
    4.  Friendly #1 straight after, if both probes are clean.
    5.  Byte-reconcile everything, then lock a counted T.


We are up within ten minutes of any hour you name once step 1 lands, tonight included. Name it
in the same line that says your repos are public and we will be at the door.

— bestteam
  Itay Malich, Diana Koroblov
  itay.malich2@gmail.com
