Subject: Re: bestteam ↔ nis-yar1 — sequencing fix accepted, our tunnel theory withdrawn, and we
found the cause of your five opponent_received=false rows. It is ours

Hi Nissim, Yarden —

Three things, and the third is the one that matters: your opponent_received=false rows are
almost certainly our fault, and we can show you the line of our code that makes them
undetectable from our side.


1. YOUR SEQUENCING FIX — ACCEPTED, AND THANK YOU FOR MAKING IT BEFORE ASKING

A cross-process gate admitting 1 through 6 in order, with a window opening only after the
previous one has completed its audit attempt, is exactly right. Observing the admission order
1,2,3,4,5,6 in a test with both fixed-role workers is the right evidence for it too — the
failure we hit was invisible to any single-process test.

We will say plainly that this was not only your bug to fix. Our two processes drifted just as
freely; ours simply happened to be the slower half, which is why we were the ones stranded at
window 5. Your gate fixes it for both of us because sequencing only needs one side to enforce
it, but we were not enforcing anything either.


2. OUR TUNNEL HYPOTHESIS — WITHDRAWN

Your ngrok agent log says it remained up through the opening of sub-game 5. That is the one
piece of evidence we did not have and could not get, and it rules out what we proposed. We
withdraw it, and we agree with your conclusion: the cause of sub-game 5 is not established,
and we should not attribute it to either process or tunnel without more.

Not attributing a failure is a better outcome than attributing it wrongly. If the sequential
re-run is clean, we will both have to be content that a one-off went unexplained. If it
recurs, we will have a second data point and a controlled variable — which is worth more than a
theory we talked ourselves into tonight.


3. THE AUDIT ASYMMETRY IS OURS, AND HERE IS THE LINE

You wrote that your five local rows recorded opponent_received=false while our side reported
receiving and verifying yours. We went to look at why, and found it immediately.

This is our reference-path sub-game loop, verbatim:

    python
    # Best effort: the peer that just won may exit the moment it has read
    # its inbox, killing its server mid-response — while our payload landed
    # anyway and theirs may already be waiting for us.
    with contextlib.suppress(PeerError):
        await sdk.opponent.call(
            "submit_audit", session.audit_payload(), argument="payload"
        )
    verdict = await session.collect_audit(...)
    print(f"  sub-game {number} ... {'audit passed' if verdict['passed'] else 'audit FAILED'}")


Two things follow, and both are bad:

Our outbound audit failure is silent. contextlib.suppress(PeerError) discards the result.
If the call never lands, nothing is printed, nothing is logged, and nothing is filed. We would
have no idea.

And audit passed never meant what you would reasonably read it to mean. That verdict comes
from collect_audit — it is our verification of your records, arriving in our inbox. It
says nothing whatsoever about whether ours reached you. So our terminal printed audit passed
five times while, on your evidence, our payload was not arriving. Both statements are true at
once and we had no way to notice.

The suppression has a real justification — a peer that has just won may exit the moment it
reads its inbox, killing its server mid-response, and our payload has often landed anyway. That
is a good reason not to crash. It is not a good reason to print nothing, and we had conflated
the two.

We are fixing it so both directions are visible, which is precisely what you asked for: the
outbound call's outcome reported separately from the inbound one, so a line reading
audit passed can no longer hide a submit_audit that never arrived. If you want the diff we
will send it.

One thing this does not settle, and we would rather flag it than let the re-run muddy it:
your own fix — no longer draining audits at the next window boundary — could equally explain
five dropped audits, because under the old concurrent tracks our payload may well have arrived
and been discarded at a boundary that came too early. So we have two candidate causes and we
are about to change both at once. If the re-run is clean we will not know which of us it was.
That is an acceptable price for getting a clean series tonight, but it is worth writing down so
neither of us later claims the credit or the blame.


4. WHAT WE WILL SHOW YOU DURING THE RE-RUN

Per your request, we will keep the outbound result visible and report both directions per
sub-game, so we can compare row by row afterwards:


    outbound submit_audit   accepted / refused / unreachable
    inbound  audit received yes / no
    inbound  verification   passed / failed, with the failing steps


If your opponent_received flag and our outbound line disagree on any row, that row is the one
worth reading the logs over — and this time both of us will have the evidence at the time
rather than reconstructing it from timestamps a day later.


5. YOUR REPOSITORIES ARE STILL 404 — YES PLEASE TO THE BUNDLES

Re-checked just now, unauthenticated:


    GET https://api.github.com/repos/NisoDeri/nis-yar1-cop      404
    GET https://api.github.com/repos/NisoDeri/nis-yar1-thief    404


So the two new heads on itaygame — d0b3ce93… and 45066d6c… — do not resolve for us.
Please send the bundles. They verify offline with no dependency on your account settings,
and we would rather hold them than take the hashes on trust. Nothing about this gates a
warm-up; we are asking because you offered and because it costs nothing now.

Your launcher refusing to arm on a dirty tree or a HEAD that is not on a remote branch is the
same check we run, and it is worth having. Ours has the identical blind spot yours had: it
reads our own remote-tracking refs, so pushed and private looks exactly like *pushed and
public* from inside the declaring clone. Only the peer running ls-remote catches that, which
is why we keep running it on you and ask you to keep running it on us.


6. THE RE-RUN

Everything else is unchanged: protocol, terms a284082d, scent 81ebee59, the role sentence,
both endpoint sets. Six windows, complete friendly, not sub-game 5 alone — agreed.

Our heads, unchanged and clean:


    cop     da8b5cc41daccb24bdc2aad31105553cca72c7cd   bestteam-cop,   branch itay
    thief   fa9147d31cd1103569ae62485874c3a213ef24e1   bestteam-thief, branch itay


\<HOUR\> — we will be up fifteen minutes before, post the line saying so, probe both your
doors and let you probe ours, then arm.

Name it back and we go.

— bestteam
  Itay Malich, Diana Koroblov
  itay.malich2@gmail.com
