Subject: bestteam ↔ imreeyal — spawn deposit confirmed and fixed (your read was exact);
your checker has a blind spot on opening frames; subject nit taken; heads below, frozen

Hi imreeyal —

No apology needed for the splice — the description you sent was worth waiting for. It
was precise enough that we reproduced your numbers before changing a line, and it was
right. Answer, fix, and one correction back that we think you will want.

The score is untouched throughout: 40–60, 4–2 to imreeyal.

---

1. §5 — REPRODUCED EXACTLY, AND IT IS AN ACCIDENT. FIXED.

Your diagnosis was correct in every part. Before touching anything we replayed the
opening turn against our own filter and got your frame back:

    COP: spawn (0,0), first move S -> (1,0), rho=0.1 subtractive

      after decide()   deposit @spawn(0,0)     cells= 9  values=[0.9, 0.6, 0.3]
      after reveal_for deposit @(1,0)          cells=12  values=[0.9, 0.8, 0.6, 0.3]
      WIRE FRAME as transmitted at step 1      cells=12  values=[0.8, 0.7, 0.5, 0.2]

      you observed                             cells=12  values=[0.8, 0.7, 0.5, 0.2]

Twelve cells and the 0.7, exactly as you called it. The corner spawn is why it is only
twelve: most of the 5×5 kernel falls off the board at (0,0).

The mechanism, since you gave us yours. Our filter advances once per step number and
deposits when it does. On the opening turn it gets called twice at two different step
numbers — once at step 0 while the brain is asking for its belief map, before the move,
and once at step 1 from the reveal builder after it. Every later turn finds its pre-move
step already claimed by the previous turn's reveal, so it deposits once. That is why it
is exactly once per game and never again, precisely as you observed.

So: an accident, not deliberate physics. Ch. 4.3 ties emission to an action —
"every time an agent moves or stays in place" — and at step 0 no action has been taken,
so the book asks for no emission there either. It is now one line: the deposit is skipped
at step 0, the observe is not.

That distinction was the whole difficulty and is worth a sentence, because the obvious
one-line fix is wrong. Our first instinct was to start the step counter at 0 instead of
-1, which suppresses the deposit — and also suppresses the observe, which would drop your
thief's opening field from our cop's first decision. The guard had to go on the emission
alone.

Nothing is concealed by removing it: both start cells are public signed terms.

Two regression tests, both parametrised over both roles and both decay models. One
asserts the opening frame equals one emission after one decay; the other asserts that a
reintroduced spawn deposit is visible on the wire, so the file cannot pass by testing
nothing. The expected values are derived from the kernel rather than written as literals
— the two models do not share one, and a hardcoded set for subtractive is a silently
wrong assertion for multiplicative.

2. CORRECTION: OUR THIEF WAS NEVER CLEAN. IT WAS NEVER CHECKED.

This is the part we think you want, and it is a finding about your checker rather than
about our thief.

You wrote: "Your thief evidently has no spawn deposit — its frames were perfect in every
series." It has exactly the same spawn deposit. The code path never knew which role it
was running. We measured both, pre-fix:

    PRE-FIX, rho=0.1 subtractive

      cop   spawn=(0,0): cells=12  values=[0.8, 0.7, 0.5, 0.2]        stray [0.7]
      thief spawn=(3,3): cells=30  values=[0.8, 0.7, 0.5, 0.4, 0.2, 0.1]
                                                       stray [0.7, 0.4, 0.1]

Our thief's opening frame was worse — thirty cells and three unexplainable values,
against the cop's twelve and one — because (3,3) is the board centre and both kernels land
whole instead of being clipped by the corner.

Our reading of why you never saw it: your checker replays a frame against its
predecessor, and an opening frame has no predecessor, so it is taken as the baseline
rather than tested. Our thief holds sub-games 2/4/6, where we open — so its bad frame
is always the first message of the sub-game and always becomes the baseline. Our cop
holds 1/3/5, where your thief opens, so ours is the second frame and always gets checked.
That fits your observation exactly: "in your POLICE games only".

If that reading is right, the blind spot is on the frame most likely to carry a
spawn-deposit artefact, in every series you play, for whichever peer opens. It cost you
nothing here only because the peer opening against you was us, and we have now fixed it
on both roles. We would rather hand this back than bank the asymmetry.

3. THE SUBJECT-LINE NIT — TAKEN

winner tie, not winner none, for a drawn series. One word, and yours is the form
already filed under. Ours sent none for a single day and twinned with nobody.

4. YOUR VERIFICATION OF OUR RESHAPE — NOTED WITH THANKS, AND THE STANDARD ACCEPTED

Zero differences excluding the declared per-side timestamp fields is the right standard
for item 2 and we will hold ourselves to it. Thank you for diffing it rather than taking
our word.

steps stays unfiled, per your confirmation and our own §2 reading — living in the logs
as step_count, per side, where the disagreement is trivia.

5. OUR HEADS ARE ON A BRANCH THIS TIME, AND MAIN IS NOT WHAT PLAYS

Full disclosure, because this thread is about provenance and we would rather over-explain
than have you fetch the wrong tree.

Our two repositories now carry two lines of work. Our teammate Diana pushed a change to
main on the cop repository only while today's fixes were in flight. Rather than
force one line over the other, today's work sits on a branch named itay in both
repositories, and that is what plays:

    cop    e5268bb70ecc336854d6354c77f518cad97fd62f   (bestteam-cop,   origin/itay)
    thief  81c009568ecafcf14dfbd262f09fb6a7bb7eb885   (bestteam-thief, origin/itay)

Both resolve, both are pushed, and our runner's pre-flight confirms each as published on
origin/itay — it refuses to arm on a head that is dirty, has no remote, or sits on no
remote branch, and a branch satisfies it exactly as main did. Fetch the branch, not
main. main on the cop repository is currently a different line of work and would
mislead you about what ran.

What is on main and deliberately not in this match. Diana's change replaces our
scent merge rule — max where two deposits overlap — with the clamped sum that
multiplicative_book_v1 pins. It is a good change and it closes the divergence we
declared to you weeks ago. It is not in tonight's tree, on purpose: under our agreed
subtractive terms it moves about 70% of cells in a three-turn field —

    max merge          [0.9, 0.8, 0.7, 0.6, 0.4, 0.3]
    clamped sum        [0.9, 0.7, 0.5, 0.3]

— and changing physics you have verified across two complete series, in the middle of the
settlement of those series, is precisely the thing this correspondence exists to prevent.
Our max divergence is already on your record under the 3.12 fallback and your physics
check logs rather than refuses it. It stays as it is for this match, and we will propose
the clamped sum properly, with its own before-and-after, once this friendly is closed.

6. THE FREEZE — UNDERSTOOD, AND THIS MESSAGE IS THE READY-WORD

Your flag landed. Three head-pairs in one day is not a discipline, and we are not going
to make it four. The two hashes in §5 are the heads that play. Nothing lands on either
repository after this message — no fixes, no tidying, not the merge change above, until
the series is settled and reported.

For the record, ours are posted before the T rather than with it, so you have them for
however long you want to audit them.

7. YOUR FOUR CHECKS, AND WHAT WE WILL HAVE FOR EACH

1. All four artefact kinds, both sides. Ours writes declaration_, config_…_gNN,
   log_…_gNN and result_ per series, and prints artefacts : N file(s) at settlement
   so the count is visible without a directory listing.
2. Result shape, zero cross-diff excluding the per-side timestamps. Verified against
   your attachment already.
3. Step-1 scent frame. Answered above: fixed, both roles, with the numbers.
4. Your commits from your sealed records, no operator flag. We will run with no
   --their-commit at all, so the derivation has no manual input anywhere in it. Your
   5bf3cfc… appearing on all six by itself is the check passing.

Terms unchanged, uncounted, reports to the two teams' inboxes only, bestteam cop on odds
alternating, your thief opens sub-game 1 — confirmed, and it costs us no change: our
reference wire has the thief open too.

Our config_sha256 is unchanged at 17606f14… and our game_uid still derives to
ffad01a2…. The terms have not moved; only the code around them has.

---

Name the T and we are on the tunnel five minutes early.

— bestteam
   Itay Malich, Diana Koroblov
   itay.malich2@gmail.com
