Subject: bestteam ↔ imreeyal — ten confirms, artefacts line owed now paid (14), heads
RE-DECLARED per item 5, and one real defect found in our league counters before it filed

Hi imreeyal —

Thank you for the verdict, and for the checklist. Ten answers below, one line apiece as
asked, then the substantiation for the three that are not a plain "confirmed". Two of
those are corrections to us, one is a correction to the framing in item 9.

Artefacts line owed, paid first: artefacts: 14 file(s) — 1 declaration + 6 config +
6 log + 1 result, for bestteam-vs-imreeyal / ffad01a2-4965-be0b-c708-3cdbedd7373a.
That closes the window from our side.

---

THE TEN, ONE LINE EACH

1. CONFIRMED. Recipient is already the lecturer alone — rmisegal+uoh26finalgame@gmail.com
   in both role configs, no redirect at you, no .env override; we will state it in the pre-T
   exchange and expect yours to match.
2. CONFIRMED. One counted per pairing, permanent, whatever the score — no rematch, no run-it-back.
3. CORRECTED — the defect was ours and is now fixed. Our counted_games_played = 0 is
   truthful and derived, but games_played_including_this filed the before count and would
   have printed bestteam 0 / imreeyal 6 against your 7 / 1; now before+1, pinned by tests, and
   in the heads below.
4. CONFIRMED. Diversity is already derived, not claimed, and not modest — gated on
   counted AND first_meeting AND winner == group, so a win of yours prints imreeyal true.
5. RE-DECLARED, and this line is that re-declaration. The posted pair is superseded — the
   two letters and the item 3 fix landed after settlement — so the frozen heads are now
   cop d72b1f76… / thief 11f616e2… on origin/itay, and nothing lands after this line.
6. CONFIRMED, and it is worse than you flagged — not only the same game_id and filenames,
   the game_uid is identical too; archiving before T and running the counted into an empty --out.
7. CONFIRMED. Our OAuth app is published to production, so the seven-day Testing expiry
   does not apply, and reports left cleanly on the 16th and 17th; we will still run a live
   send inside the hour before T and post the result, because the rule 35 cost is asymmetric.
8. CONFIRMED. Exactly tonight's shape, with items 3 and 4's league fields as the only deltas.
9. CONFIRMED on substance, CORRECTED on mechanism. All four kinds with the 30-second check,
   and our filed config already is the shared contract with zero extra keys — but 17606f14 is
   a canonical digest, not a digest of an extended file, and a raw-byte sha cannot match between
   two teams; please tell us what 4e0510ed is over.
10. CONFIRMED. T protocol identical: doors up five early and held, all four curl-checked, identity
    probe by initialize-then-dial-what-it-says, 406 by T+30s or kill-and-rename in writing, no
    debugging inside the window, stray-process check after; alternating, bestteam cop on odds, your
    thief opens g01, terms a284082d / 81ebee59 / 229ae648 / 020947da unchanged.

---

ITEM 3 — WE FOUND THIS BY CHECKING RATHER THAN BY ANSWERING, AND IT WOULD HAVE FILED

Your lesson from the other pairing is the right lesson and we were about to be the next
example of it, by a different mechanism than theirs. Ours is not a stale constant. It is
an off-by-one hiding behind a correct-sounding field name.

Our identity block declares counted_games_played = 0, and that is honest: it is read
from docs/LEAGUE_LOG.md, which has zero counted rows, and the reader refuses when the
table and its stated total disagree. No complaint there.

But the result field is games_played_including_this, and we populate it with the
number that excludes this one. Our filed 2200 artefact says so in as many words:

    games_played_including_this   {"bestteam": 0, "imreeyal": 6}

Against your 7 / 1 that is a visible disagreement on a league line, in front of the
grader, which is exactly the shape item 4 warns about. No test pinned the field, so
nothing would have caught it.

Fixed: each side's declaration plus one, gated on the series being counted, since a
friendly changes nobody's total and over-declaring is the direction M#38 disqualifies for.
Pinned by five tests — including the one where a peer sends true rather than a number,
because bool is an int in Python and reading that as 1 would invent a claim you never
made.

One ordering consequence we will hold to, because it is the other way this field goes
wrong: the LEAGUE_LOG row gets added after the filing, not before. Adding it first
would flip first_meeting_between_groups to false and take the +10 with it.

ITEM 5 — THE HEADS MOVED, AND THIS IS THE RE-DECLARATION BEFORE ARMING

Full pair, frozen now, both on origin/itay and both verified against the remote rather
than against our local clones:

    cop    d72b1f765effd0edb96be632a132ec56e06db337   (bestteam-cop,   origin/itay)
    thief  11f616e2dcf13cc8b5d7688824500d928f3e1eab   (bestteam-thief, origin/itay)

Two things landed after your PASS and after the results were agreed: the two letters as
documentation, and the item 3 fix above. We are not claiming the first as compliant with
the letter of the promise — the promise said settled and re-declared, and we did the
settled half then and are doing the re-declared half now, in the thread, before arming,
which is the procedure item 5 specifies. The second is deliberate: we would rather declare
a corrected counter than freeze a broken one into the counted.

These are the heads that will play. We had a private strategy change staged — a
[strategy] search_depth value, which under Appendix F Table 22 is not negotiated and
alters no rule — and we have deliberately not taken it. It failed our own integration
suite while we were validating it, and we are not putting a change into a counted series
that our own gates have not cleared. It stays out until after this match. We mention it
only so that "nothing lands after this line" is a statement you can hold us to rather than
one we quietly qualified.

The earlier pairs 6bec686a / f4e113a9 and 6adee601 / 6c431269 both still resolve
and still descend correctly if you want to re-verify the friendly series against either.

ITEM 7 — VERIFIED, AND WE WILL RE-VERIFY ANYWAY

Our OAuth app is published to production, so the seven-day refresh-token expiry that
applies to apps left in Testing status does not apply to us. That was a deliberate setup
step rather than luck, and it is why reporting has not broken mid-project.

One detail worth stating, because it looks alarming from the outside and is not: our
stored token file reads expiry: 2026-08-08T17:07:12Z and has not been rewritten since.
That is by design — the sender refreshes credentials in memory on every send and does not
persist the new access token back to disk, so a stale-looking token file is the normal
steady state here, not a symptom. The reports that left on the 16th and 17th, which you
have already cross-diffed, are the evidence that the path works.

We will still run a live send to ourselves inside the hour before T and post the result.
Not because we doubt it, but because the cost of being wrong is rule 35 with both teams
zeroed, and that asymmetry justifies a thirty-second check. The
stop-and-agree-never-silent-resend rule stands.

ITEM 9 — THE SUBSTANCE IS AGREED, THE COMPARISON METHOD IS NOT

We agree completely on what must be filed: the shared game.json, the private C-00x
flags staying in private config. We checked rather than asserted, and our filed artefact
already satisfies it — the embedded shared_config has zero keys beyond the
agreement, and its digest equals the digest of our live config/*/game.json exactly.

Where we think the framing is off: 17606f14 is not "over our extended file". It is the
canonical digest — sorted keys, fixed separators — of precisely the shared contract.
The raw bytes of our copy hash to 01d3e9fe, and that number is not meaningful to
compare, because two teams holding byte-identical content will still differ on raw sha
over key order, indentation and trailing newline. That is the whole reason the protocol
hashes canonically everywhere else.

So 4e0510ed and 17606f14 disagreeing is not yet evidence of a content difference.
Could you tell us what 4e0510ed is computed over — raw file bytes, or canonical? If
raw, we would rather compare canonical digests of the shared contract and settle it in
one line before T than discover at settlement that we were comparing two different
questions.

One thing we are volunteering because it bears on the digit above. Auditing for this
letter we found our local outbox/ pack was stale — it was the nis-yar1 pack from the
13th, still carrying multiplicative decay and swap_is_capture: true, neither of which
is what we agreed with you. It was never sent to you and never filed; it is a gitignored
scratch directory that does not exist in either published repository. We have regenerated
it from the live contract regardless, because a wrong file in a directory named outbox is
exactly what gets picked up by the wrong hand at T.

The useful by-product is a freshly computed digit for item 9. Our regenerated pack, our
live config/*/game.json and the shared_config embedded in every filed artefact now all
canonicalise to the same value:

    config_sha256 (canonical)  17606f14dbbac0fce870f7e88282c23d95e34fa05c91f5d8e5ebe54976ed96a0

That is one contract expressed three ways and hashing identically, which is the property
worth checking. If your 4e0510ed is a canonical digest over the same agreed contract and
still disagrees, then we have a real content difference and would rather find it now than
at settlement.

ITEM 6 — THE COLLISION IS ON THE UID TOO

You flagged game_id and filenames. Checking it, game_uid repeats as well: all three
windows — the 16th, tonight's friendly and tonight's 2200 — carry
ffad01a2-4965-be0b-c708-3cdbedd7373a. It is derived from the pairing, not from the
series, so the counted will carry it too unless one of us changes something.

Archiving and a fresh empty --out fixes the Frankenstein risk you actually named, and
we are doing both regardless. But if a grader sees a counted result sharing a uid with
three friendlies, we would rather have decided that on purpose. Happy either way — say
which you prefer and we will match it:

- leave it — uid identifies the pairing, and the archive plus fresh --out carries the load; or
- make it per-series — both sides derive the uid with the series date mixed in, agreed in one line before T.

---

Ten confirmations above, artefacts line paid, heads re-declared and frozen at
d72b1f76… / 11f616e2… with the item 3 fix already in them. Outstanding from us before
T: the live mail verification, and nothing else. Outstanding from you: what 4e0510ed is
computed over, and your preference on item 6's uid.

Lock the T whenever you are ready — the sooner the better from our side, and we will not
move anything again without a line here first.

— bestteam
   Itay Malich, Diana Koroblov
   itay.malich2@gmail.com
